Could it be that
He gave me a fake photo to
To use your mother and son as guns
No wonder.
Now he's headed to the border with a fake photo book
Open the door and collude with the gold people
With his 50,000 soldiers, he plans to besiege the capital
Until then
Where can my son be the emperor?
Now the princess
Finally woke up
But my Daxia Dynasty troops are limited
His Royal Highness
It's too late to stop Yansong now
Why don't you seem in a hurry?
Hmm urgent
What's the hurry?
Didn't he die fast enough?
The concubine does not understand
There are so many things you don't understand
It won't be long
The serious old man will end up like his son
yuxin
account
Are you and the consumer special forces trained?
Report that His Highness is already ready to go
Just wait for His Highness to give an order
As expected of my right-hand man
It's really efficient.
Really impressive
Now I'm waiting for that old traitor Iwamatsu
With golden thorns
No, there's one more thing to do.
Weichen doesn't understand
Seriously enter Beijing
Must rescue the eyeshadow print first
Otherwise, for the sake of the world
Abandoned his own daughter
How bad this is for Rock Lane's reputation
Let's go, let's go to the meeting